---
page_title: "warpgate_password_credential Resource - terraform-provider-warpgate"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a password credential for a user in WarpGate.
---

# warpgate_password_credential (Resource)

Manages a password credential for a user in WarpGate. This resource allows users to authenticate using a password for protocols that support password authentication according to the user's credential policy.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "warpgate_user" "eugene" {
  username = "eugene"
  credential_policy {
    ssh = ["Password", "PublicKey"]
    http = ["Password"]
  }
}

resource "warpgate_password_credential" "eugene_password" {
  user_id  = warpgate_user.eugene.id
  password = "securepassword123"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `user_id` - (Required) The ID of the user to add the password credential to. This cannot be changed after creation.
* `password` - (Required) The password to use for authentication. This is a sensitive value and will be stored only in state. This cannot be changed after creation, requiring recreation of the resource to update the password.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The combined ID in the format `user_id:credential_id`.

## Import

Password credentials can be imported using a combined ID with the format `user_id:credential_id`:

```
$ terraform import warpgate_password_credential.eugene_password 12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012:87654321-4321-4321-4321-210987654321
```

Note that when importing a password credential, the actual password value cannot be imported and will need to be set after import.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for authentication
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user to add the password credential to

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
